Interesting Finds Bot -- disclosure
Last updated: 2026-08-28
Human-readable version: https://nikhilkulkarni1755.com/bot

WHO
Operated by Nikhil Kulkarni (nikhilkulkarni1755@gmail.com) for his own
personal site, https://nikhilkulkarni1755.com. One person's pipeline, not
a company and not a third-party crawling service.

WHAT IT DOES AND WHY
Every day this pipeline pulls a short list of newly-launched products from
public sources (Peerlist, Show HN, GitHub, and similar). For each one it
reads the product's own homepage and a handful of sub-pages -- pricing,
docs, about -- to check whether what the product advertises is actually
true, whether it solves a real problem, whether anyone can use it, and
whether it is agent/MCP friendly. Only products that pass are published,
by hand, at https://nikhilkulkarni1755.com/interesting-finds with a link
back to the maker's own site. Nothing fetched is used to train a model.

USER-AGENT
  InterestingFindsBot/1.0 (+https://nikhilkulkarni1755.com/bot.txt)
Sent byte-for-byte on every request this bot makes, robots.txt included.
Releases bump only the version number; the product token never changes,
and a second User-Agent is never sent after a block.

HOW TO BLOCK IT
Add this to your robots.txt:
  User-agent: InterestingFindsBot
  Disallow: /
robots.txt is re-read on every run, so a block takes effect on our very
next visit.

WHAT IT WILL NOT DO
  - GET and HEAD requests only. Never POST, PUT, PATCH, or DELETE.
  - Never logs in, signs up, checks out, or submits a form.
  - Never sends a cookie, an Authorization header, or an API key.
  - Never spoofs a browser User-Agent or claims to be anything else.
  - At most 25 pages per site, at least 2 seconds apart.

SIGNALS IT HONOURS
robots.txt (including Crawl-delay), X-Robots-Tag, <meta name="robots">,
Content-Signal, Content-Usage, and TDM-reservation headers. When a site's
own signals say no, this bot does not fetch that page. Full stop.

OPT OUT OR COMPLAIN
Email nikhilkulkarni1755@gmail.com. Any request lands your domain on a
permanent denylist, no argument -- in addition to, not instead of, an
ordinary robots.txt block.

Last updated: 2026-08-28
